feat: case date search release notes (#524)
valtimo-platform/valtimo-documentation: release-notes/major11/11.2.0/valtimo-frontend-libraries.md

  A permission check has been added to the 'Create New Case' button, so that it can no longer result in an
  unauthorized-error.

* **Send along timezone offset with every HTTP request**

  All HTTP request sent from the client now include a `X-Timezone-Offset` header, which contains the user's timezone

>   offset (compared to UTC). The back-end now uses this offset to return the correct results when searching cases by date.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  offset (compared to UTC). The back-end libraries now use this offset to return the correct results when searching cases by date.
```
